Adding the readme file to the repository #4 (#5)
shardeum/network-status: README.md

# Shardeum Network Status

> This repo is developed to check for the Status of the Shardeum Network services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is designed to monitor the status of the Shardeum Network services.
```

> This is to ensure whether the services are running are turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides users with information about the health of the Shardeum network, uptime, and latency.
```

### Getting Started.
To get started, ensure you have `Node.js` installed preferably v18+ 

> 

Reviewer: You can also remind developers to adhere to the requirements of each submodule in the repo. e.g:

```suggestion
Adhere to the requirements of each submodule (frontend & backend)
```

### Installation
1. Clone the Network Status Repository.
   

> > First clone the shardeum network Status repository to your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> First, clone the Shardeum network status repository to your local machine.
```

```
git clone https://github.com/shardeum/network-status.git

```
2. Install the required dependencies for the frontend and backend:

>    > Fo the backend,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > For the backend:
```

   ```
     cd backend
      npm i
    ```

>     This will install all the dependencies required for the backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This will install all the dependencies required for the backend project (i.e Node.js server)
```

> 

Reviewer: Installing the deps for both the frontend and backend is a good approach but it might be better to finish the set up for one before moving onto the next. For instance, after installing the dependencies for the backend project, start the development server before moving onto the frontend. Here's a suggestion to include:

```suggestion
To start the local development server for the backend project, run the following command:
npm start
This will start the local Node server on port `3002` (or your locally specified port). 
> Your Prometheus server should be running on port 9090  [how to set up Prometheus](https://github.com/shardeum/network-status/tree/main/backend#run-prometheus)

```

>    > For the front end,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > For the frontend:
```

   > Change directory into the front end directory and install the dependencies as well.
     ```
     cd ..
     cd frontend
     npm i
     ```
     
  

> 4. Start both the front end server and the backend server by changing into each of the directories and starting them Respectively using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start the frontend server by running the following command:
```
